Windows VFS requires files ownership (#386)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/appendices/troubleshooting.adoc

See https://github.com/owncloud/client/issues/5226 for more discussion of this issue.

== Error Updating Metadata Access Denied

> There are very rare cases when using Windows and VFS, that the Desktop app complains about denied access containing in the log following message, including the source file for reference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are very rare cases when using Windows and VFS, in which the Desktop app complains about denied access. The log contains the following message, including the source file for reference:
```

[source,plaintext]
----
"WindowsError: ffffffff80070005: Access is denied."
----

This can happen if the standard permissionson of the folder where the synced data resides has been changed for the owning user. To resolve this issue, the owning user needs `Full Control`. See the example images below how this should look like. You can get there by menu:right click on the folder name[Properties]:

[width=100%,cols="50%,50%"]
|===
a| image::appendices/troubleshooting/folder_properties.png[Folder Properties,width=250]
a| image::appendices/troubleshooting/advanced_security_settings.png[Advanced Security Settings,width=450]
|===

> If the permission is not set to `Full Control`, you can either correct it or ask you administrator for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the permission is not set to `Full Control`, you can either correct it or ask your administrator for support.
```
